README.md, before:

_Sphere-RAM-Visualization_
------
__Description__  
Graphically visualizes the "slices" created by applying the Rectangular Approximation Methods (RAM) to a Sphere.  
  
I was inspired to create this program after going over the RAM in AP Calculus. The program should be used to serve as an aid for people who have a difficulty understanding/visualizing the RAM applied to a three dimensional object; in this case, a Sphere.

__Sample Images__  
Images saved using the program's own save feature, that I have found to be good samples of the program's capabilities over the development process can be found here: http://ultraimg.com/album/b3Y  
  
*Please note that the .gitignore has an entry to ignore all .png files inside the desktop section of the project. This is to prevent any pictures taken during testing/development to be pushed to the repository.*

__License__  
Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International License  
License summary and links found in LICENSE.md  
Full license found in LICENSE.txt

Commit message:

Updated readme to note Java 8 requirement.

README.md, after:

_Sphere-RAM-Visualization_
------
__Description__  
Graphically visualizes the "slices" created by applying the Rectangular Approximation Methods (RAM) to a Sphere.  
  
I was inspired to create this program after going over the RAM in AP Calculus. The program should be used to serve as an aid for people who have a difficulty understanding/visualizing the RAM applied to a three dimensional object; in this case, a Sphere.  
  
*Note that this program requires Java 8 in order to run.*

__Sample Images__  
Images saved using the program's own save feature, that I have found to be good samples of the program's capabilities over the development process can be found here: http://ultraimg.com/album/b3Y  
  
*Please note that the .gitignore has an entry to ignore all .png files inside the desktop section of the project. This is to prevent any pictures taken during testing/development to be pushed to the repository.*

__License__  
Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International License  
License summary and links found in LICENSE.md  
Full license found in LICENSE.txt
